fix: implement proper backpressure (#32)
Apifier/xlsx-stream: README.md

    .pipe(fs.createWriteStream('file.xlsx')); // We need to store the result somewhere
```

## Internals documentation

> A .xlsx file is essentialy a ZIP archive with some well defined format. So the main class (`XLSXTransformStream`) creates a ZIP file, adds a few static files that don't change based on the content, and then adds a streaming `sheet1.xml` entry, into which the transformed content is written. The streamed output of the ZIP archive is then forwarded as the output of the XLSXTransformStream.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A `.xlsx` file is a ZIP archive with a well-defined structure. The main class (`XLSXTransformStream`) creates this archive by first adding a few static metadata files, then streaming the actual content into a `sheet1.xml` entry. The resulting ZIP stream becomes the output of XLSXTransformStream.
```

> Image is worth a thousand words:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the diagram below for a visual overview:
```
